{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green31\blue35;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26120\viewh15400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa400

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How to install presets for Adobe Lightroom
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Here are the installation instructions for installing presets into Lightroom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300

\b \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Macintosh
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
1. Please Download and unzip the presets file and open the resulting folder.\
2. In this folder you will find the presets, they are the files with the .lrtemplate extension.\
3. Open Lightroom\
4. In top menu bar choose Lightroom>Preferences.\
5. There will be a new window that appears.\'a0 Select the Presets tab.\
6. Click on the button labeled \'93Show Lightroom Presets Folder.\'94\
7. In this new\'a0Finder window open the \'91Lightroom\'92 folder, and then open the \'91Develop Presets\'92 folder.\'a0Copy and Paste the presets folder into\'a0this\'a0location.\
8. Restart Lightroom, the presets can be found in the Presets section on the left in the Develop module.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Windows
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
1. Please Download and unzip the presets file and open the resulting folder.\
2. In this folder you will find the presets, they are the files with the .lrtemplate extension.\
3. Open Lightroom\
4. In the top menu bar choose Edit>Preferences\
5. There will be a new window that appears.\'a0 Select the Presets tab.\
6. Click on the button labeled \'93Show Lightroom Presets Folder.\'94\
7. In the\'a0new Explorer window that appears open the \'91Lightroom\'92 folder, and then open the \'91Develop Presets\'92 folder.\'a0Copy and Paste the presets folder into\'a0this\'a0location.\
8. Restart Lightroom, the presets can be found in the Presets section on the left in the Develop module.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300

\i \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The file path for\'a0the necessary location of\'a0the .lrtemplate Presets folder:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Mac: Macintosh HD\\Users\\<username>\\Library\\Application Support\\Adobe\\Lightroom\\Develop Presets
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Windows: Computer\\[C:]\\Users\\<username>\\AppData\\Roaming\\Adobe\\Lightroom\\Develop Presets
\i0 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf5 \

\b Using Presets:\

\b0 When viewing and editing images in camera raw, just go to the Presets tab in Adobe Camera Raw. \
There you can select the preset of your choice. I\'92ve created a preset called `Reset` to remove all* adjustments. \
The presets are often to be used as a add-on to your own basic adjustments, not every preset is usable for every lighting condition in a picture. Experiment with them!
\b \
* Local adjustments need to be manually removed
\b0 \
\
Greetings,\
\
Wim\
\
if you have any trouble installing or using the presets, feel free to contact me through Creative Market\
https://creativemarket.com/wimvanheugten}