{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26120\viewh15900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \

\b How To Install: 
\b0 \
To install Adobe Camera Raw (ACR) presets in Adobe Photoshop Camera Raw,  just place the preset *.xml files in the following location:\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \'95 Mac(user)/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Camera Raw /Settings\
\
\'95 Win (user)/Application Data/Adobe/Camera Raw/Settings\
\
Make sure you 
\b only
\b0  copy the *.xmp  Preset files into the 'settings' folder. Camera Raw cannot see the files that are placed in folders that are inside the settings folder.\
To show and acces the Library on \cf3 \cb1 Mac's running Lion or Mountain Lion \cf2 \cb1 , hold down the option key while selecting \'93Go\'94 \'a0in the Mac Finder menu on your desktop.\
\
If your still\'a0having\'a0troubles finding the 'Settings' folder, you can also save a file within Adobe Camera Raw and search for it on your computer. \
When found make a shortcut to the 'Settings' folder either in your side bar or as a\'a0desktop\'a0shortcut for easy access. \
\
Here is a step by step tutorial on how to make the file to find the 'Settings' folder for where you should put your ACR presets in Photoshop CS6\uc0\u8232 \
1. open a RAW image in Photoshop Camera Raw window. (Right click on Raw or DNG file and select open in Photoshop).\uc0\u8232 \
2. click 'save settings' in the pull down menu accessed by clicking the icon far right on the grey bar that says basic underneath the histogram right side panel. \
\uc0\u8232 3. The save settings dialog opens click 'save', it will now show you the settings folder where you should put all your ACR presets into. You can save your file here, then search for the filename you saved it as in your finder/explorer or spotlight to find the folder, then drag the folder to your favorites or make a desktop shortcut on your sidebar for future easy access.\
\
\

\b Using Presets:\

\b0 When viewing and editing images in camera raw, just go to the Presets tab in Adobe Camera Raw. \
There you can select the preset of your choice. I\'92ve created a preset called `Reset` to remove all* adjustments. \
The presets are often to be used as a add-on to your own basic adjustments, not every preset is usable for every lighting condition in a picture. Experiment with them!
\b \
* Local adjustments need to be manually removed
\b0 \
\
Greetings,\
\
Wim\
\
if you have any trouble installing or using the presets, feel free to contact me through Creative Market\
https://creativemarket.com/wimvanheugten}